When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Obviously, anytime I want to share my work with others, this is the most convenient means
to accomplish that.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If someone else is collaborating with me via GitHub and changes something and makes a commit,
I want the opportunity to review, accept and commit those changes before they are merged into 
my master or other branch. If git and GitHub automatically synced, I wouldn't have this ability.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is my version of someone else's repo. changes I make to mine do not show or affect the original
repo, though I can request they be merged. Similarly, this could be reversed with my repo in someone 
else's fork. Clones are a local version of a repo, and are only a clone at one point in time: they do
not synchronize. It's more like a picture I take of a repo, and store it on my local machine. A branch
is a "thread" of development within a repo.

Forks are ideal for collaboration, as they can be merged at a later time after two people have developed
separately on their own machines. Clones are necessary for complex projects to be brought to the local
environment, and branches are places for individual (or collaborative) development to take place.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

If another contributor updates the remote, you have a version without those changes to compare to.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Certainly, collaboration could happen with emailing files back and forth. Difficulties to this method 
include:
  -- Not as quick
  -- Who decides what stays and what goes when there are discrepancies?
  -- sometimes code can't be emailed

I'm not sure anything would be easier, but perhaps I'm just forgetting something. GitHub seems to be
optimized for code sharing and collaboration. Using branches, forks and pull requests, collaborators
can easily navigate between different versions of code as they evolve, almost in real-time.